okay welcome to the puta kana princess
all Suites Resort in judicata basically
we are in 5205 and this is video of the
room this is a third floor suite and it
was called the Platinum suite
here's the bathroom I'm videotaping this
as we are leaving - maybe a little messy
this is the bathroom it's a bathroom it
works
here is the closet
is safe you get a little umbrella for
the rain which there is rain you get two
robes ironing board iron those are the
coke bottles you get in the fridge and
this is the room tile floor be careful
when it's wet slippery the bed TV
dresser basic stuff there's a little
two-step down a little small living room
area go area you can take a nap and
somewhere under here is a pullout bed
that we didn't use but just in case out
to the balcony chairs are a little
chintzy but hey it works this is the
view to the right towards the lobby
buildings we're building five then it's
four three
you're the pool bar the pool little
volleyball and that down there snacks
tan lunch area over there view of the
ocean probably able see much on it but
that's the ocean out there and it is now
approximately 8:30 in the morning very
quiet area that right there is building
one you would think of be building two
but it's building one building wall to
is on the other side building one starts
there that's why that is but this is our
last day here we had a great time
sad to go home but time to go time to
move on
neighbors deck some decks have stick-out
decks and some of the area they say deck
I mean balcony it doesn't stick out as
much but again it works and this is our
room
hope you enjoy